time for question two
a pippa middleton b
phil neville c solange
knowles d luke
hemsworth all siblings of someone
aren't they so cause pippa middleton is
kate middleton's sister
luke hemsworth that's chris hemsworth's
brother but then yeah
knowles is that nick nobody knows his
sister or mum
knows i don't
it could be which one isn't a sibling oh
which would mean that that would be the
beginning what's the question
of these famous siblings is the eldest
in their family
so it's not pippa middleton 100 sure on
that one
never heard of phil neville or solange
nils oh it might be nick knows
his brother
nick knowles is going to love this
didn't he
and luke hemsworth i think is the
youngest
it's definitely between phil neville and
solange noel it's b
come on thomas phil neville who's he
related to
gary neville he's related to command
think thomas
i'm going to take a punt on salange
knowles so i'm locked in c
cylindrills you doubled up
gone middle whoa
is it right or is it wrong
come on
oh
that's fine it was luke hemsworth oh
whoops younger brothers liam and chris
yeah solange knowles is beyonce's
little sister you've got 70 grand at the
moment
you've got two red balls flying at you
could wipe you out it won't the positive
mental attitude it won't wipe us out
drop them go on yes
yes keep going no to the way
no no no down to the one
[Applause]
oh seventy thousand
six hundred and nineteen pounds
that was amazing incredible
you